Add synthesis and translation-service documentation (#75)
towerofnix/scratch-api-unofficial-docs: api/synth_trans.md

# `synthesis-service.` and `translate-service.` APIs

These retrieve the speech synthesis and translation results for their respective extensions.

### `GET translate-service.scratch.mit.edu/translate?language=<language code>&text=<text>`

> Retrieves the translation of the input text in the given language. Assumed to use Google Translate

Reviewer: I found [this citation](https://scratch.mit.edu/discuss/post/3778811/) for the translate extension using Google Translate. It's from four years ago (almost to the day!), but that's also a while after 3.0 released, so it's possibly still accurate. Maybe we could add something like this?

```suggestion
Retrieves the translation of the input text in the given language. Uses Google Translate [as of Dec. 9, 2019](https://scratch.mit.edu/discuss/post/3778811).
```

Author: Added 👍 (idk what else to say lol)

### `GET synthesis-service.scratch.mit.edu/synth?locale=<locale>&gender=<gender>&text=<text>`

> Retrieves the synthesis of the input text as an audio file

Author: Fixed this 👍
